PRIVACY POLICY
as of 20 April 2020


The following Privacy Policy describe how we, iGLO (PT. Indocyber Global Teknologi and affiliates, "we", "us" or "our") collect, store, use, process, retain, transfer, disclose and protect your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our applications, websites (www.indocyber.co.id), services, or products ("Applications"), unless covered by a separate privacy policy.

Please read this Privacy Policy thoroughly to ensure that you understand our data processing practices. Unless otherwise defined, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning ascribe to them in the Terms of Use.

Information Collection and Use 

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this Privacy Policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

we value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at hi@indocyber.co.id.
